tonight from a completely abandoned
hollywood boulevard
it's the jimmy kimmel live caro
anniversary show
with special guests joel mckeow
u.s secretary of transportation pete
a special musical performance by adam
duran's
and honoring one year of awkward video
communication
the first ever zoomy award
wow has it really been a year
god that's depressing
sorry i got sad for a second and now
because every virus needs a host here's
you thank jimmy everybody welcome to our
first and hopefully last her anniversary
show
there's some presents for you there's
some presents for you
the you know the traditional gift for a
traditional gift for a one-year
anniversary is paper so i figured
toilet paper makes the most sense right
i got sweatpants on this is a special
show tonight tonight
we're gonna be looking back at our year
of living contagiously one year ago
today
the world health organization officially
declared the coronavirus
to be a pandemic and we've been spraying
our bananas with windex ever since
quick show of hands how many of you are
still boiling your mail before it comes
in
it's funny to think back on all the dumb
things we did when this started
one of the guys who works here and i
don't want to mention any names but it's
gary greenberg
what's gary's middle name lee is it lee
okay
gary lee greenberg
he was he was he was like should i order
sushi is it okay to order suji
everybody's like yeah gary of course is
okay so he orders sushi but before
he eats it he puts it in the microwave
a lot of serial killers have the name
lee right in there so
remember we were carefully disassembling
our instacart deliveries like a
munitions
expert in the hurt locker or something
watch out that chipotle could explode
a year ago somebody said n95 to you one
year ago you'd think they were a bingo
caller
it meant nothing we haven't been able to
see friends
uh loved ones i missed physical contact
so much i applied for a job at governor
cuomo's office last month
drummers passed away
hard to believe we've been in for uh
a whole year since uh people were
dancing in clubs
people were um eating in crowded
restaurants
uh passing the bongs around the beach
partying like it's 1999.
it seems like yesterday you know what
that was yesterday those clips were from
texas and florida yesterday oh wow
here in california things are loosening
up a little
l.a county today issued guidelines for
certain businesses
such as movie theaters and gyms to
reopen possibly as soon as this weekend
i'm going to pretend i'm excited the
gyms are opening back up i'm going to be
like
oh man i cannot wait to get back into
that gym
disneyland is going to reopen soon at 15
capacity 15 capacity for california
residents only
in order to make a profit they're
requiring each guest to eat 12
churros apiece i can do that hallmark
has put out a new line of greeting cards
thank you very much
um to commemorate the year that was and
uh we sent a guy in a
hazmat suit to go buy a few of these at
cvs here's
let's see happy coroniversary where has
the time gone
and where have my airpods gone did you
take them because i can't find them
and i feel like they were on my
nightstand you know those are mine right
see what else we have here oh yes i'm
blinded by my love for you
or maybe it's from drinking bleach and
this is a family card one more year of
this and i'm killing the kids
so there you go those will be on the
floor if anyone needs them
stimulus checks will be in your pockets
for some as early as this weekend
team biden is planning to hit the road
next week to promote his covert relief
plan
it's what they're calling the help is
here tour part of the effort is to
convince those who are reluctant to get
the vaccine to get it
in fact a group of former presidents
teamed up to make a psa
to encourage vaccination it's weirdly
kind of fun to see them all together
this vaccine means hope it will protect
you
and those you love from this dangerous
and deadly disease
what i'm really looking forward to is
going to opening day in texas ranger
stadium with a full stadium
i want to go back to work and i want to
be able to move around
as you know we just came out with a
fragrance
it's called success by trump and it's
sold at macy's
in order to get rid of this pandemic
it's important for our fellow citizens
to get vaccinated i'd like to say that
if you put it on
anything you want will come true
[Music]
you know what he finally found a way to
unload that hydroxychloroquine i guess
our president used to sell cologne
president biden is directing states to
make the vaccine available to all adults
by may 1st
biden addressed the nation tonight from
the east room of the white house this is
the first primetime speech since taking
office
and it comes exactly one year after our
former president
gave his own virus related address
warning us
of the dangers to come the risk is very
very low that's what they say about
owning a casino and he bankrupted three
of those
i never get tired of seeing that him
telling us
the whole time captain contagious was
telling us it would go away
40 times he said this on tv alone
unfortunately saying go away doesn't
work
it's a virus not eric okay
according to the annual stress in
america report this country
is stressed very stressed and we're
eating our way through it 61
of americans say they gained weight
during the pandemic largely thanks to
the efforts of the heroic men and women
who deliver food to our homes of course
we would never made it through the past
year without doctors
nurses respiratory therapists all the
many healthcare heroes but we also owe a
debt
to the drivers from doordash postmates
grubhub all of them
and when i say we owe them a debt i mean
it literally many drivers in cities
across the country
complain that gratuities during the
pandemic are down people aren't tipping
as much
which thinks because these drivers
really don't make any money from the
delivery itself
i myself was a delivery driver once and
so as a service
to those who order food we've assembled
a group of real delivery drivers who
teamed
up to bring you this very important
message
[Music]
hello were your delivery drivers from
postmates ubereats
doordash instacart and everywhere else
we just wanted to remind you that we're
not doing this for our health
if we cared about our health we'd be at
home like you
watching wanda vision which we still
haven't seen yet because we're too busy
delivering
your pizza and your ramen your burritos
your fried
chicken and whatever the hell else you
ordered when you were high
so remember when you see us this is her
job
look you tip the waitress right she
brings the food to your table
we bring the food to your house all the
way
to your house so for god's sake
please tip us tip us tip us
tip us tipa seriously i don't even know
why we have to tell this to you
we work for tips my car smells like
tacos
your tacos that i didn't even get to eat
so tip
us just tip us
[Music]
and put some pants on when you come to
the door
paid for by america's delivery drivers
[Applause]
[Music]
they're the only real friends we have
one business that
has not been hurt by the pandemic has
been zoom communications
zoom their revenue is up over 300
since march of last year seems like it
should be higher right
yeah jimmy yeah thanks for agreeing i
agree yeah
do you pay for zoom no i don't i don't i
don't know what you would be paying for
it comes for free but i put all my money
in
in party city as at the beginning of the
pandemic
zoom is how many people now go to work
and to school and of course
it's also led to a number of zoom
related mishaps and for
those uh tonight we are pleased to
present the first ever
zoomy award
[Applause]
in zoom and the zoominis are
you're upside down tom small businesses
you see timely gentlemen suspend
are you okay i am
you're upside down tom i i don't know
how to fix that
fyi stand on your head as well
me out of order uh
youtube could you mention being caroline
already do it
um kids do youtube kids do it
and the bbc are also now embracing this
why i apologize for my tax tale why and
why are you not doing this by default
rocco could you kill them
in the name of the filter
[Applause]
dad holy crap
[Music]
i believe you have a filter turned on
in the video settings
you might want to uh
we're trying to can you hear me judge
i can hear you i think it's a filter
it is and i don't know how to remove it
i've got my assistant here she's trying
to but
uh i'm prepared to go forward with it
i guess i'm here live that's not i'm not
a cat
all right so many wonderful nominees
but only one will win the zoomy and the
zoomie goes to
caternet law
and now to accept the zoomie award all
the way from saint alpine texas
rob ponton congratulations rod
jimmy all the way from texas i want to
give you my deepest appreciation
for the first ever zoomy award
i can't believe i can't tell you how
meaningful it is today
to be rewarded for my own screw-up on
the
camp zoom filter mr ponden i believe you
have a filter turned on in the video
settings
well thank you for reminding me but
anyway
you know this this award remains more
than the academy awards mean to some of
those hollywood actors i want to thank
my staff
and ricky and marina and everybody else
but
thank you all for laughing with me i was
glad i was able to give the world a
laugh for a moment
with my cat well you you did that indeed
rod congratulations
and congratulations to all of our
nominees tonight there are no losers
here
[Applause]
[Music]
i think the cat passed away all right
one more
pandemic themed item before we forge
ahead it is thursday night which means
it's time to bleep and blur
the covet moments of the year it's this
corona here in unnecessary censorship
[Applause]
[Music]
apparently i got the rona i may have a
couple days
of uh solo time and there's only so many
before that gets bored there's nothing
wrong with people
i often myself we believe as president
trump said today that it's safe to
and i haven't touched my wings
you know people in the restaurant
industry been hit so hard by this
pandemic so one murphys bro family's
decided to bless restaurant workers with
some big tips
the cover of the new york post defiant
trump removes mask
after release from hospital off
it's uh really pretty amazing what
happened because i wasn't feeling great
and the next day i wake up and i'm
saying like uh
who can i today
this thanksgiving is going to suck up
there's actually a term in dating now
called fouching someone do you know what
that means
i'm going to
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and this is the
internet i made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it